HTCONDOR-1817 docs for stringListSubsetMatch (#1524)
htcondor/htcondor: docs/version-history/feature-versions-10-x.rst

  id of the submitted job.
  :jira:`1836`

> - Added two new function for using ClassAd expressions. ``stringListSubsetMatch`` and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added two new functions for using ClassAd expressions. The ``stringListSubsetMatch`` and
```
